README.md, before:

# COW.API
 
## COW Rest API Setup
1. Install JDK 11.
2. Create a Hedera Account in Hedera Portal `https://portal.hedera.com/register`. (only if you don't own a Hedera account already)
3. Create text file in the root directory of the project named `.env` and add the following information.
```
#Hedera Configurations
OPERATOR_ID=account_id_in_string_format
OPERATOR_KEY=account_private_key_in_string_format

HEDERA_ENVIRONMENT=environment_in_string_format
MIRROR_NODE_ADDRESS=mirror_node_address_in_string_format

#Project Configuration
PROJECT_PATH=project_path_in_string_format
```

4. Install a database service and configure a user to access it.
5. Create text file in the resources folder of the project named `application.properties`.
* MacOS application.properties tested with MariaDB
```
spring.datasource.url=datasource_url_in_string_format
spring.datasource.username=datasource_username_in_string_format
spring.datasource.password=datasource_pwd_in_string_format
spring.datasource.driver-class-name=driver_class_in_string_format

jwt.secret=jwt_secret_in_string_format

Read more in https://mariadb.com/kb/en/documentation/
```

* Windows OS application.properties tested with SQLServer
```
spring.datasource.url=datasource_url_in_string_format
spring.datasource.username=datasource_username_in_string_format
spring.datasource.password=datasource_pwd_in_string_format
spring.datasource.driver-class-name=driver_class_in_string_format

spring.jpa.show-sql=jpa_show_sql_bool
spring.jpa.hibernate.ddl-auto=hibernate_ddl_auto_bool
spring.jpa.properties.hibernate.format_sql=hibernate_format_sql_in_string_format
spring.jpa.properties.hibernate.dialect=hibernate_dialect_in_string_format

jwt.secret=jwt_secret_in_string_format

Read more in https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/databases/create-a-database?view=sql-server-ver16
```
6. Check `pom.xml` to comment/uncomment necessary dependencies depending on machine OS.
7. Run `SpringHederaStarterProjectApplication`
8. Check `http://localhost:8080/swagger-ui/` to view endpoints available.

Commit message:

Update README.md & Improve setup configurations

README.md, after:

# COW.API
 
## COW Rest API Setup
1. Install JDK 11.
2. Create a Hedera Account in Hedera Portal `https://portal.hedera.com/register`. (only if you don't own a Hedera account already)
3. Create text file in the root directory of the project named `.env` and add the following information.
```
#Hedera Configurations
OPERATOR_ID=account_id_in_string_format
OPERATOR_KEY=account_private_key_in_string_format

#Project Configuration
PROJECT_PATH=project_path_in_string_format
```

4. Install a database service and configure a user to access it.
5. Create text file in the resources folder of the project named `application.properties`.
* MacOS application.properties tested with MariaDB
```
spring.datasource.url=datasource_url_in_string_format
spring.datasource.username=datasource_username_in_string_format
spring.datasource.password=datasource_pwd_in_string_format
spring.datasource.driver-class-name=driver_class_in_string_format

jwt.secret=jwt_secret_in_string_format

Read more in https://mariadb.com/kb/en/documentation/
```

* Windows OS application.properties tested with SQLServer
```
spring.datasource.url=datasource_url_in_string_format
spring.datasource.username=datasource_username_in_string_format
spring.datasource.password=datasource_pwd_in_string_format
spring.datasource.driver-class-name=driver_class_in_string_format

spring.jpa.show-sql=jpa_show_sql_bool
spring.jpa.hibernate.ddl-auto=hibernate_ddl_auto_bool
spring.jpa.properties.hibernate.format_sql=hibernate_format_sql_in_string_format
spring.jpa.properties.hibernate.dialect=hibernate_dialect_in_string_format

jwt.secret=jwt_secret_in_string_format

Read more in https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/databases/create-a-database?view=sql-server-ver16
```
6. Check `pom.xml` to comment/uncomment necessary dependencies depending on machine OS.
7. Run `SpringHederaStarterProjectApplication`
8. Check `http://localhost:8080/swagger-ui/` to view endpoints available.

- NOTE:
    - A .env.example is provided to help the setup of the project.
    - An application.properties.example is provided to help the setup of the project.
